Come on. What do you want?
I heard that Mr. Song
Do you not recognize our son of burden?
You just know?
No wonder hundreds of millions of internet users rushed to vote
What a joke
You're here to humiliate me. No
We're here to help you.
Song Yuchuan, that trash
What he doesn't do, I do
I will support the children he does not support
I will compensate for his uncompensated behavior
What do you mean?
And Qin is the best compensation
In addition to that
Down's Lu's
I will give you the best resources in the name of international directors
The brilliant life that Song Yuchuan promised you
I'll give it to you.
The condition is to hammer Su Yuchuan to death
If I still don't live stream amniocentesis first
Song Yuchuan, do you still have a choice?
All departments are ready
Live stream countdown 9 minutes
You don't love me at all. You've been using me
I used to be stupid
Now I won't be deceived by you anymore
I only care about you in the world
You are unmarried and pregnant
What would you do without me?
I don't care unless you step up now
Admit that you are the father of the child
You're crazy. How can I do this right now?
Song Yichun, this time you are finished
You thought you were hiding in a nursing home
Reporters can't get in
Outsiders can't get in
I can't take it.
I don't come
I let you die yourself
You're right.
I'm waiting for you in the live stream.
Tang Yao, do you think this teammate still works?
What can Meng Qianxian live stream?
Does he not know the rich sheets in the live broadcast?
Tang Yao, don't forget
He is Meng Xianxian
He is more selfish and narcissistic than anyone else
Even if the sky falls today
It's impossible for him to spread rumors for me in the live stream.
But what if I'm live streaming amniocentesis?
When announced in the face of these hundreds of millions of Internet users
You are the biological father of the child
Song Yindi
You are not afraid of Tang Yao